
Shipping to Shiba (with a goal of a black hole):
	Make own art:
		Turn Order thing
		Icons of enemies and Players
		HP Bar
	Add a few missing animations (mega lazer)
	Fix up the button text 
	Fix the Sprun Costs
	Give each player at least one interesting unique attack (RAT, MEGA LAZER)
	Increase Speed of play (time_scale)
	SFX

1 (core mechanics):
	Sprun Upgrade system (increase Sprun slots, ATK, DFD, SPD):
		Starts at 1, to 3, to 5, to 7... (1 -> 1.5 -> 2 -> 3 -> 5?)
2 (more mechanics):
	More enemy intents (debuff, buff, charge up, unknown)
	Different kinds of Sprun (Red used on ATK, so on)
3:
	Poison Debuff (for Rat and beyond)
	Sprun Movement Shifting depending on size (too far when small, to close when big)
	Name of attack upon using it (like the notifs from Cascade) + Damage (StS)
	Show Player Intent Upon choosing their action
	Go backward in players choosing actions with Back Button
	Character Select Screen
	Increase Speed of Play (like Balatro)
	MegaLazer VFX! (Screenshake, line connecting player and enemy, enemy color changing)
	Right-click to tab (when in mouse mode)
	Litle dialogue things
	Full-screen
	Attack all enemies attack (bandit blade guy) - note that attacks make you select an enemy
		-by default in player.gd. To reset, make sure to configure requires_target for all actions,
		-then change select_enemy to be conditional upon requires_target
	Final hit on enemy grants a sprun?
	Cat Battle! (don't actually hit the cat, or bad stuff happens)
	Turn Limit til next wave (prevent hold onto one enemy to increase Sprun stats)
4: 
	Death saves? (Deltarune, DnD, revival at all?)
	Kitty's 6 Lives (the 7th I don't talk about)
	Hide unnecessary tabs
	Every time an enemy dies, the TurnOrderPoint is off on which turn it really is
	
	art and music lol
	https://lonebot.itch.io/make-it-juicy
	
	And create content lol 
		Actions
		Characters
		Enemies
		Progression(?)

Quirks:
	Balance the funny and serious (makes both more meaningful)
	2...3...4!
	Looking up Camera Angle (size up)

Turn sections:
	Player Input
	Middle:
		Defense,
		Quick Actions,
		The Rest (by the timeline)
	End

Test the selection system a little longer (add multiple enemies)

Refactoring
	Animation tracks don't worry about unresolvable tracks (the NPC's animate node has a track for Enemy intent, but Player doesn't have intent and doesn't need the track)
	Make HP changing set by a tween
	Set that one .set() method that isn't already in ready() for some reason


Tips:
	Hey you can rearrange the tabs on the Action Bar (thanks Godot!)
	Beating the final enemy of a wave immediately ends the wave; you can't do actions in the turn past ending the enemy
	Have prep_rounds_remaining set to at least 3, cuz it -1 when activated, and I'm too lazy to add a "s" on the end for a 1

Bugs:
	On the animation to the first player (after a round), last player's actions show up (but aren't clickable, thankfully)

Noot noot

Rodent Lord Rodents:
	Rats (poison + bite)
	Hamster (chunky)
	Mouse (weak, easy to spawn)
	Porkypine (thorns)
	Flying Squirels, chipmunks, beavers, capybaras, gopher, base squirel

Currently finished:
	Transition in for new npcs
	Exiing TWK changing background
	Set TurnOrderMarker to "Fit Width Proportional" to keep size in check for large amounts of npcs (6+)
	Added a few more stats at the top
	Added (albeit basic) Intro Sequence
	Working on Speed of Play Slider
